Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
I'm excited to be with you all again today.
I have another video for you.
A lot of people thought I was saying that I wasn't going to do videos anymore for a while, but that's not what I was saying yesterday.
I was telling you that if I don't feel the Holy Spirit on a video when I sit down to do it, you don't want to listen to me; you want to listen to Him.
I am desperate for Him, and if I don't feel His presence and it's dry, I'm not going to upload it.
I was trying to tell you all yesterday that this is about Him and Him getting the warning out to you for what's coming and the seriousness of the hour.
I was trying to warn you yesterday about the North Koreans that I was shown in train cars.
There were literally thousands of North Korean men being taken from North Korea to Russia for the war.
I could see them; they were freezing in the back of these cars with heavy coats on, being transported to Russia to get prepared for war.
These men looked starved and had no nutrition at all; they looked very skeletal.
These men were not trained fighters; they were like farmers.
What I felt in my spirit was that they looked expendable to me.
They didn't look like people with office jobs; they looked like what we would call lower-income people.
It was very sad.
They were excited to get out of North Korea and see the world because they've been so oppressed and in bondage.
These men were on these boxcars, celebrating their departure.
I heard the Lord say, 'But they're going to their death and they don't even know it.
You must pray for them.
' They don't know the Lord; many have never had the opportunity to hear the Gospel.
It grieved me because I saw the plan of the enemy to push these men to the front so that others didn't have to risk their lives.
It was like going to a slaughter.
It was very grieving what the Lord showed me when I was praying in the spirit.
There were thousands of them, train after train.
I don't know if this is happening right now, if it's secret, or if it's public knowledge, but I was shown train after train with thousands—I would venture to say 100,000 men—going to help with this Ukrainian war.
I warned you they were going to create another plague.
I warned you that their plan is to disrupt Trump's agenda.
Last time they sent COVID, and I told you this virus they're preparing is much worse than COVID ever was.
This is a very lethal virus that's about to happen soon.
This video contains news clips of the media talking about this; they're already showing their cards before they release it.
This news briefing from CNN is from December 27, 2024.
Folks, the ball is already starting to roll.
I saw President Trump in office when they release this next plague.
Listen to what they are saying concerning the new CDC report on the first severe human case of bird flu in the US.
Louisiana, Dec 27: it shows mutations that could make it easier for this virus to spread from person to person.
Right now there's no evidence it has been passed along to anyone else, but experts warn a single mutation like this could lead to another pandemic.
Russia's Ministry of Defense released a statement revealing the activities of the United States military.
The ministry says Washington searches for virus mutations to further its own interests.
It's not a question of if, it's a question of when we will have a bird flu pandemic.
It has a significant mortality rate, probably between 25 and 50 percent.
Once the virus gains the ability to attach to the human receptor and go human-to-human, that's when you'll have the pandemic.
They're already planning it, folks.
I told you it will happen in Europe first.
It's an airborne virus that looks yellow.
This is what the Lord showed me; it's genetically created in a lab using AI technology.
The more this virus co-circulates with human strains, the more that increases the odds of it evolving into human-to-human transmission.
Dr.
Deborah Birx, response coordinator for the White House Coronavirus Task Force, noted that 65 human cases have been reported this year, all contracted from animals.
However, most happened in the spring and summer.
That's exactly when I said it would happen.
This isn't a call to fear, but a call to prayer to understand the power of the name of Jesus and our covenant in Christ.
They do not want him to bring back America better or implement tariffs.
We have rising flu cases and now zoonotic events coming.
You've set up for a farm worker getting H5N1 while also getting the current flu strain and reassorting in that individual.
Washington has been amassing various pathogens from its involvement with various biolabs around the world.
Whenever the Pentagon is interested in pathogens, whether it be bird flu or the African swine flu, they later somehow end up becoming a pandemic.
Their findings point out possible collusion between Big Pharma and the US via an intermediary company called EcoHealth Alliance.
Two months before the world heard about it, there was an exercise at Johns Hopkins University where they practiced transferring an unknown strain from bats to humans via a pig.
This July, they are opening the Office of Pandemic Preparedness, led by a retired Air Force Major.
Documents from the military operation in Ukraine point to the US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases.
They are collecting dangerous pathogens from around the world in these biolabs.
Representatives led projects where the possibility of using arthropods to spread Rickettsia, tick-borne encephalitis virus, causative agents of Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, and hantaviruses was studied.
Dr.
Anthony Fauci reportedly made a lot of money from this pandemic.
He was adamant that it came about naturally, yet we have biolabs for developing bioweapons.
They transferred authority to the agency run by Anthony Fauci.
He got responsibility for bioweapons development and a 68 percent raise.
300 scientists wrote President Obama saying Fauci is going to create a microbe that will cause a global pandemic.
Obama signed a moratorium, but instead of obeying, Anthony Fauci's shifted operations offshore to a lab that the Chinese military runs.
I saw them burning files in Ukraine to cover up what was behind closed doors.
We are in the end times.
The Bible told us there would be pestilence, plagues, and rumors of wars.
They're using AI to create superbugs for population control.
The Lord showed me it would be another genocide.
This is a wake-up call to know your authority.
Here's another clip warning about January 20th.
A doctor from Texas is warning that starting on January 21st, we have big-picture stuff coming.
H5N1 is all over wild birds and getting into cattle and milk.
We have another major coronavirus likely brewing in Asia.
We also have problems with mosquito-transmitted viruses like Dengue, Zika, or yellow fever.
All that's going to come crashing down on January 21st on the Trump administration.
All of this is just the beginning.
I saw a big red dragon hiding behind BlackRock waiting for an opportunity to come out.
CDC confirms the first case of severe bird flu in the US.
They're releasing the Kraken.
I saw it a year in advance; it's going to be later on, I think 2026 or 2027.
I don't believe it's going to be the first year.
Would they be that bold and that aggressive in the first year?
I think they're going to wait at least a year or two.
Governor Newsom declared a state of emergency in California due to the bird flu.
Newsom, who I believe will run for president in 2028, is being groomed to be the Democratic Sugar Sugar boy boy.
I saw Gavin and Michelle running one day.
It's always something with Gavin.
He declared a state of emergency right before the inauguration.
It was in Louisiana, but now it's in the cows in California.
It's their go-to plan.
We'll see.
I want you all to be alert.
They couldn't assassinate him or put him in jail; God protected him.
But COVID worked last time, and they're looking for another opportunity.
$5 million Bill Gates Foundation—look at that—to make the bird flu transmissible to humans.
Is that real?
I don't even know what to say to this.
It was all over Twitter.
$176 million for vaccine development.
They're giving him the money because they want to be able to capitalize on this thing again.
We're seeing $176 million granted to the Bill Gates Foundation to create a vaccination for the bird flu.
Here it is: 'U.
S.
to award Moderna, the same people who created the COVID vaccination, $176 million for vaccine development for the bird flu concerns'—the ones that, I guess, are all over California affecting the cows.
It's affecting the cows over there and everything else.
I just think—don't you think that's kind of interesting?
I'm just saying $176 million is not just a little bit of money; that's a lot of money, folks.
So Bill Gates is just over there pulling that slot machine lever, raking it in.
It's ridiculous.
He's laughing about it to prepare for the next one.
He said, 'That will get attention this time.
' Oh, it'll get attention this time, huh?
So COVID didn't get enough attention?
They locked people out of their houses and businesses; you closed churches down, you closed down factories, and you made people stay in their houses for weeks at a time, locking down everybody's livelihood.
It didn't get their attention?
But this one's going to get their attention this time.
Play that again.
That tells you to prepare for the next one.
They laugh about it; he laughs about it and her too—is that his wife?
I don't know.
God help him.
They killed millions of people and then it wasn't enough?
It didn't get your attention?
Yeah, the guy's the devil.
I want to point this out to y'all.
I was listening to Benny Johnson—I really like this guy.
The last time, it was released in China and all the stuff started happening overseas in December.
Here we are in December again, and all this is bubbling up in the flu season.
That's what I'm talking about when I told you all about taking your D3 and K2 and boosting your immune system so that your body is able to fight off stuff better.
You have your D3 levels up, and that's why the Lord instructed...
I told the kids, so we're taking 10,000 IUs a day.
I'm not telling you to do that for your family—you need to talk to your healthcare provider—but that's what we do as a family.
I think it's interesting, the whole thing.
It's alarming.
This happens when Trump comes in.
They don't want him to get re-elected, so they derailed the election last time with this.
Now he got elected, he gets inaugurated in January, and they start bringing this crap up again.
It's incredible.
They're telling people who are around poultry or chickens to wear protective gear.
They declared a state of emergency in California.
In the article I just read, Benny Johnson said they're going to take all precautions necessary, including lockdowns if needed.
Gavin Newsom said it right out of his mouth on Fox.
It's already in the dairy herds of cows: 33 in California, one in Colorado, zero in Louisiana, and two in Michigan.
It's affecting the cows, but do you remember Hank Kunneman?
He gave a word about the cows and said they were going to try to hurt our cows.
Listen to this about Hank Kunneman's word about the cows.
So it is affecting the cows just like Pastor Hank Kunneman said.
There are 10,852 wild birds detected as of December 17, 2024.
51 jurisdictions with bird flu.
I think it's very alarming.
It's what the Holy Spirit warned us about.
It's not a call to fear, but a call to prayer to shake the people.
These people are relentless and evil.
It's the signs of the times, the birthing pains of their plan to derail this next administration.
Just like the drones in New Jersey, it goes throughout the whole world.
You see drone sightings throughout the world.
They're desensitizing people.
I saw Jesus standing at the door waiting for instructions from the Father to come back.
I asked, 'Lord, why are you standing at the door still?
' He said, 'I'm waiting on my Father to tell me to come get my bride.
' We are right there.
It's a vision explaining the signs of the times of where we are.
Jesus Christ is getting ready to come back.
All these signs are happening, and we're seeing the beginning of sorrows.
The demonstration of glory will follow those who believe.
We will counter-react in a greater measure with the glory of the Lord, imparting healing to show that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He has risen from the dead and is seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for you.
He died on the cross so you don't have to go to a devil's hell.
Hell was not made for us; it was made for the devil and his demons.
It's our choice whether we choose Jesus and salvation or go to hell.
You send yourself there by rejecting what Jesus did on the cross.
He has opened His arms wide.
He says, 'Will you serve Me?
' He's standing at that door right now while the media warns of a great economic crisis—a depression worse than the 1930s.
He's providing a window of grace to get your house in order.
Are you ready for the coming of the Lord?
Will you help Him bring in the harvest?
He wants us to be His hands, feet, face, and eyes.
The only Jesus people see is probably the Jesus in you and me, like brother Jesse said.
How will they know unless we preach it?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You can choose Him right now.
He's a God of love; He just wants you to confess your sins.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
You will give an account for all you did on this Earth.
Have you confessed Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior?
Today is your day.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
You could die in your sleep tonight.
You're not even promised the next ten years.
We arrogantly wake up every day thinking we have tomorrow, but you could have an accident on the way to work.
We believe in divine protection, but people are not promised tomorrow.
Will you accept Jesus Christ as your personal Savior today?
Forgive me of all my transgressions.
Are you the prodigal running home?
Repeat this prayer after me.
Believe Jesus died and rose again on the third day.
He's writing your name in the Lamb's Book of Life right now.
Father, I'm a sinner.
I need a Savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
If I confess my sins, You are faithful and just to forgive me and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Wash me with Your blood.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died and rose on the third day.
Come into my life, Jesus.
I make You my Lord and Savior.
I want to serve Your kingdom.
I'm Yours, Jesus.
I don't want to belong to this world.
Receive your forgiveness by faith.
I'm free, no longer bound by the devil.
He's preparing a mansion for you.
To become a Christian, find a Bible and read it.
Get baptized.
Braden is getting baptized tomorrow at church.
Go to a Bible-believing church that teaches you how to live by faith, like Glorious Church Fellowship in Collinsville, Oklahoma.
It's not hard.
I hope this video blessed you.
The devil is a loser, but he still tries to stick his head out.
We have to hit him like whack-a-mole.
The devil is not touching my family with this virus.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities.
We anoint ourselves with oil, take communion, and apply the blood of Jesus over our houses and children.
Satan cannot cross the bloodline as long as you do not leave a door open.
You have to keep the doors shut to the enemy.
He comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, but he can't devour the one who has the blood up and the doors closed.
The blood is all-powerful, but God doesn't override free will.
Be wise and vigilant.
If you do make a mistake, be like Billy Burke and be quick to repent.
He talked about how a water moccasin came into his house because he left the patio door open.
It was his fault for letting the snake in.
We aren't afraid of bird flu; we have the honey glow.
The anointing of the Holy Spirit was like a honey glow that the virus couldn't penetrate.
As we walked into those tents, we laid hands on people and they were healed.
I thank You, Lord, that their hands will prosper in 2025.
They will be the head and not the tail.
We will show the world there is a living Jesus inside of us.
Subscribe to our videos and click the notification bell.
Braden helped me with the tech.
Pray for the people of North Korea.
Father, we lift them up.
May they find Jesus before it's too late.
We pray for peace over Ukraine and Russia.
May this needless war cease.
Father, may Donald Trump be a voice in the darkness.
I ask You, Father, that we would spare this generation from this virus, just as Abraham petitioned You for Sodom and Gomorrah.
We give You all the glory.
Amen.